thanks for joining to the Japan food
Channel today we're gonna learn how to
make Nagoya rolls and these are named
after our favorite city in Japan so
first thing we want to do is get some
fatty tuna on our sushi roll rice base
and lay it across like so and I always
joke with you know the missus on this
one because this one actually looks kind
of like a submarine sandwich that way
were lining up the the sushi meets here
it almost looks like cold cuts in a
sense and you know I am probably bad
humor but that's just what it looks like
to me and whatever we make it at home
and as you can see here it's the flat
long cuts we're adding some mango in
here to that little mango tart flavor
really goes a long way in your rolls
we have avocado in here as well next
we're gonna do is we're gonna roll it up
like so and roll it up and over
squeezing gently but firmly to make sure
that it becomes one unit but not too
much to really smash the mango in there
but enough for it to really come
together as one so once you go ahead and
do that your rule should look like this
and next I'm gonna do is we're gonna
take ill and lay it right across the top
like so we're gonna line the whole roll
with this eel and this eel is coated in
the unagi sauce and munagi is eel and it
has a nice sweet flavor to go with that
tardy mango in the middle with all those
other great sushi fish flavors and we
put over the saran wrap and then we also
use our bamboo mat to go ahead and make
sure that the eel just becomes one with
the roll this one nice tight sushi roll
unit that we're about to cut up and we
use our sushi knife starting in the
center and slice like so and then move
on down now what you really want to do
is wipe your knife between every cut
like so to make sure that it's just
clean and really glides right through
your sushi rolls and that rag has water
and rice vinegar on it as well and that
really helps to keep things from
sticking to your knife next thing you do
is you set up your serving plate and you
take out the rolls like so and set them
there and there you go this is a Nagoya
roll absolutely beautiful and it just
tastes wonderful please try this at home
thank
watching we appreciate like some
comments please remember to subscribe